chore: improve markdownlint (#946)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

},
```

#### GoLand / IntelliJ

In GoLand or IntelliJ, the plugin [Go Linter](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12496-go-linter) will be required.

The plugin can be installed via `Settings` >> `Plugins` >> `Marketplace`, search for `Go Linter` and install it.
Once installed, make sure that the plugin is using the `.golangci.yml` file from the root directory.

The configuration of `Go Linter` can be found in the `Tools` section of the settings.

### Markdownlint

We are using [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint) to ensure consistent styling
within our Markdown files.
Specifically we are using [markdownlint-cli](https://github.com/igorshubovych/markdownlint-cli).

We are using `GNU MAKE` to ensure the same functionality locally and within our CI builds.
This should allow easier debugging and problem resolution.

#### Markdownlint execution

> To verify your changes, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that your markdown code conforms to the rules, run the following on your local branch:
```

```shell
make markdownlint
```

> To use the auto-fix option, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`markdown-lint` supports an auto-fix mode that can fix most of the issues the tool identifies.  To use the auto-fix option, run:
```

```shell
make markdownlint-fix
```

#### Markdownlint Configuration

> We are sticking to the defaults regarding configuration for `markdownlint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the default configuration values for `markdownlint`.
```

This means:

- [.markdownlint.yaml](./.markdownlint.yaml) contains the rule configuration

> - [.markdownlintignore](./.markdownlintignore) contains the ignored files in `.gitignore` style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [.markdownlintignore](./.markdownlintignore) list files that are ignored in `.gitignore` style
```

> We decided to stick to the default, so tools like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the default values, so tools like
```
